feat: Support Nuxt 3 (#214)
nuxt-community/style-resources-module: README.md

# Style Resources for Nuxt 3 - Nobody likes extra @import statements!

[![npm version][npm-version-src]][npm-version-href]
[![npm downloads][npm-downloads-src]][npm-downloads-href]
[![Codecov][codecov-src]][codecov-href]
[![License][license-src]][license-href]

> If you would like to use the stable version for Nuxt 2, please see the [`mater` branch](https://github.com/nuxt-community/style-resources-module/tree/master)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use the stable version for Nuxt 2, please see the [`master` branch](https://github.com/nuxt-community/style-resources-module/tree/master)
```

Reviewer: Also, we might want to say "use major version XYZ" here? 🤔

Author: Added description to use `nuxtjs/style-resources@^1`.
Is it OK to create a `v1` branch?
(If OK, I would like you to make it as I do not have the authorization to do so 🙏 .)

https://github.com/nuxt-community/style-resources-module/pull/214/commits/ae115a1385f83c8489adf1ebb513e20c07b9bc40

Author: I created `v1` branch.
https://github.com/nuxt-community/style-resources-module/tree/v1

> If you are using vite, this module is unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Vite, this module is not needed.
```
